[doc] enhance documentation of Python CHIP controller (#9)
LuDuda/connectedhomeip: src/controller/python/ADVANCED_USAGE.md

# Python CHIP Device Controller - Advanced usage

## BLE Virtualization on Linux (Optional)

> If you would like to setup virtual BLE central and peripheral in the same

Reviewer: nit: in->within

> If you would like to setup virtual BLE central and peripheral in the same
> machine, then follow below steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Commissioning over Bluetooth LE can be tested even if the controller and the device run on the same machine. To that end, you will need to set up two virtual interfaces working as Bluetooth LE central and peripheral, respectively, by completing the following steps:
```

```
cd third_party/bluez/repo
./bootstrap
third_party/bluez/repo/configure --prefix=/usr --mandir=/usr/share/man --sysconfdir=/etc --localstatedir=/var --enable-experimental --with-systemdsystemunitdir=/lib/systemd/system --with-systemduserunitdir=/usr/lib/systemd --enable-deprecated --enable-testing --enable-tools
make
```

> Note: You also need to install several packages on RPi if you want to build

Reviewer 2: This should probably be moved before the bluez build step. Also, there should be no harm in running the command on Ubuntu.

> bluez

Reviewer: Missing dot at the end of sentence.

```
sudo apt-get install libtool m4 automake autotools-dev libudev-dev libical-dev libreadline-dev
```

Run bluetoothd:

```
sudo third_party/bluez/repo/src/bluetoothd --experimental --debug &
```

> Bring up two virtual ble interface:

Reviewer: interface->interfaces

> Bring up two virtual ble interface:

Reviewer 2: pedantic: use "Bluetooth LE" in all places

Author: It's even more serious than that, in general, we should avoid using BLE as this is not aligned with Bluetooth Brand guidelines. Thanks.

```
sudo third_party/bluez/repo/emulator/btvirt -L -l2
```

> You can find the virtual interface by `hciconfig` command:

Reviewer: For me we are missing some verb here. Like: "by running/calling/invoking/typing command".

```
$ hciconfig

hci2:	Type: Primary  Bus: Virtual
	BD Address: 00:AA:01:01:00:24  ACL MTU: 192:1  SCO MTU: 0:0
	UP RUNNING
	RX bytes:0 acl:95 sco:0 events:205 errors:0
	TX bytes:2691 acl:95 sco:0 commands:98 errors:0

hci1:	Type: Primary  Bus: Virtual
	BD Address: 00:AA:01:00:00:23  ACL MTU: 192:1  SCO MTU: 0:0
	UP RUNNING
	RX bytes:0 acl:95 sco:0 events:208 errors:0
	TX bytes:3488 acl:95 sco:0 commands:110 errors:0
```

Then you can choose the adapter to use in command line arguments of the device
controller:

For example, add `--bluetooth-adapter=hci2` to use the virtual interface `hci2`
listed above.

```
chip-device-ctrl --bluetooth-adapter=hci2
```

## Debugging with gdb

You can run the chip-device-ctrl under GDB for debugging, however, since the
CHIP core support library is a dynamic library, you cannot read the symbols
unless it is fully loaded.

> The following block is a example debug session using GDB

Reviewer: Missing :

```
# GDB cannot run scripts directly
# so you need to run Python3 with the path of device controller
# Here, we use the feature from bash to get the path of chip-device-ctrl without typing it.
$ gdb --args python3 `which chip-device-ctrl`
GNU gdb (Ubuntu 10.1-2ubuntu2) 10.1.90.20210411-git
Copyright (C) 2021 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
Type "show copying" and "show warranty" for details.
This GDB was configured as "aarch64-linux-gnu".
Type "show configuration" for configuration details.
For bug reporting instructions, please see:
<https://www.gnu.org/software/gdb/bugs/>.
Find the GDB manual and other documentation resources online at:
    <http://www.gnu.org/software/gdb/documentation/>.

For help, type "help".
Type "apropos word" to search for commands related to "word"...
Reading symbols from python3...
(No debugging symbols found in python3)
(gdb)
```

The Python will create lots of threads due to main loop, so you may want to

> supress thread related outputs first by `set print thread-events off`

Reviewer: Missing . or : at the end of sentence.

#15 0x0000000000498418 in _PyEval_EvalFrameDefault ()
#16 0x00000000004b1cb8 in _PyFunction_Vectorcall ()
#17 0x00000000004c6bc8 in  ()
#18 0x0000000000498264 in _PyEval_EvalFrameDefault ()
#19 0x00000000004b1cb8 in _PyFunction_Vectorcall ()
#20 0x0000000000498418 in _PyEval_EvalFrameDefault ()
#21 0x00000000004966f8 in  ()
#22 0x00000000004b1f18 in _PyFunction_Vectorcall ()
#23 0x0000000000498418 in _PyEval_EvalFrameDefault ()
#24 0x00000000004b1cb8 in _PyFunction_Vectorcall ()
#25 0x0000000000498264 in _PyEval_EvalFrameDefault ()
#26 0x00000000004966f8 in  ()
#27 0x0000000000496490 in _PyEval_EvalCodeWithName ()
#28 0x0000000000595b7c in PyEval_EvalCode ()
#29 0x00000000005c6a5c in  ()
#30 0x00000000005c0a70 in  ()
#31 0x00000000005c69a8 in  ()
#32 0x00000000005c6148 in PyRun_SimpleFileExFlags ()
#33 0x00000000005b60bc in Py_RunMain ()
#34 0x0000000000585a08 in Py_BytesMain ()
#35 0x0000fffff7d0c9d4 in __libc_start_main (main=
    0x5858fc <_start+60>, argc=2, argv=0xfffffffff498, init=<optimized out>, fini=<optimized out>, rtld_fini=<optimized out>, stack_end=<optimized out>) at ../csu/libc-start.c:332
#36 0x00000000005858f8 in _start ()
(gdb)
```

> The frame #0 and frame #1 are the function frame in the CHIP C++ library, the

Reviewer: frame->frames

> other frames lives in the Python intepreter so you can ignore it.

Reviewer: lives->live
